[docs] Add information on how to get tokens using the Sui CLI (#16048)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/getting-started/get-coins.mdx

To request tokens from the faucet, you must own a wallet address that can receive the SUI tokens. See the [Get Sui Address](./get-address.mdx) topic if you don't already have an address or need to create a new one.

## Request test tokens via the CLI 

> If you are using the devnet or testnet networks, or you spinned up a local network, you can simply use the [Sui CLI](https://docs.sui.io/guides/developer/getting-started/sui-install) to request tokens for your address. The `sui client faucet` will by default use the [active network](references/cli/client#list-available-network-environments) and [active address](references/cli/client#get-current-active-address) that is currently set in the Sui CLI, but you can specify custom data through the following two arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Devnet or Testnet networks, or you spun up a local network, you can use the [Sui CLI](https://docs.sui.io/guides/developer/getting-started/sui-install) to request tokens for your address. The `sui client faucet` uses the [active network](references/cli/client#list-available-network-environments) and [active address](references/cli/client#get-current-active-address) that is currently set in the Sui CLI by default, but you can specify custom data through the following two arguments:
```
